+++
title = "Great Basin Session (2022-09-11)"
author = ["Matt Schwennesen"]
date = 2022-09-11
draft = false
type = "gb-log"
+++

> I seemed to have not taken any notes on this session, so this is all coming from
> memory, please correct me if I'm wrong about any of this stuff.

When we last ventured to the Great Basin:

It was 22 Fireharvest 1763. After receiving payment for the raid on the
Kerkrad after it
seemed clear that your contact within the Syndicate was not going to delivery
any more information.

Later on, while Redfern was in his room, a massive about of venomous snakes
slithered up from under his bed. Distressed, Redfern tried to control the snakes
with some evolutionary abilities for Blue Eyes, but ultimately failed to lure
then out the window. Finding himself short on allies, with Zorro, Breagan and
Wil all away from the islands, Redfern was forced to turn to somebody he has a
strained relationship with: Oisin. Oisin was able to help, but not immediately,
as he had to transcribe fireball into his spellbook. Several fireballs later,
the 300 snakes were mere corpses in the bathtub.

After the rest of the task force returned, they endeavored to learn more about
what caused the snake infestation, but to little avail. Tracking the tunnel
under Redfern's bed, which looked man-made, only lead to a brief trip to the
sewers before Zorro remembered that he had recently learned Greater Detect Magic
which can traces spells cast longer ago then regular Detect Magic and offer the
option to learn the magic fingerprints of the caster. While both Zorro and later
Oisin cast this spell, they were only able to learn that the snakes were not
conjured, but where controlled by somebody. Either of them managed to learn the
fingerprints of this individual.

On the 28th of Fireharvest, while walking home, a business man from the Atreides
Duchy bumped into Breagan. Apologizing profusely, he then stated that she must
have dropped something and handed her an unmarked envelop. Oisin checked for
traps and even opened it from afar with mage hand before the task force
retreated to their work room to investigate the contents. The envelop contained
a letter written by Niwa Sura, the contact in the Syndicate. Within, she
explained that Cylex is being manufactured by the Syndicate, overseen by Ichijou
Torime, the original creator of the substance under the direction of Daimyo Riku
in the city of Machi, whom the Syndicate had abducted. Additionally, the Cylex
which exploded in Taerwyn had already been sold to a Eichhornchen named Hans.
Since that explosion consumed all of the available Cylex, a new transfer was
arranged in the town of Duquin in the Kingdom of Trobreryn for the night of the
32nd. It seems that the Eichhornchen party paid 100,000 gp for one barrel of
Cylex, as well as that Voracious was negotiating on behalf of the Syndicate and
another Eichhornchen named Marius Kleinheisterkamp is involved. Background
checks on Marius show that he was a demolitions expert in the Eichen Kingdom who
was honorably discharged after an explosion injured him. After being discharged,
he seems to have mostly fallen off the grid. After this information dump, the
letter started talking about the upcoming Niven Lantern Festival on the 10th of
Shimmerfall. She mentioned that the Task Force would have to find a way to get
onto the official invite list and that this is one of the only events where
outsiders aren't under constant surveillance in the Niven Imperial Palace.

Zorro asked Marchi Elenek to issue an order to notify him if Marius passed
through any Eichen checkpoints. During his conversation, he also expressed
interest in the Lantern Festival after remembering that Marchi is good friends
with Ikoma Sakome, one of the representatives from the Niven Imperium. She
invited Zorro to join her during her next lunch with Ikoma, scheduled for 30th
Fireharvest at The Blue Crow.
