+++
title = "Great Basin Session (2022-02-06)"
author = ["Matt Schwennesen"]
date = 2022-02-06
draft = false
type = "gb-log"
+++

During our last foray into the Great Basin, Dr. Luna was working late in
the Library with the green sample from the blast in the Forum chamber.
Frustrated by her lack of progress, Dr. Luna conducted increasingly
risky experiments until she passed a large amount of electricity through
the material, were it promptly exploded destroying the entire lab,
blowing a hole in the exterior of the library and nearly kills her.
Swiftly arriving on site is Eaton, the investigative head of the Bastion
of the Sky. He is furious to find on of the task force members at the
heart of the incident, but admits to not having the authority to arrest
her as much as he wants to. He does inform Dr. Luna that he will be
filing a report to the Forum about the incident and is somewhat happy
that the blast wasn't for nothing and Dr. Luna learned how to detonate
the mystery substance.

That night around the docks, which are still under a lock down after the
blast during the Founder's Gala, Oisin is almost caught by a patrol of
bastion members, but they narrowly miss him.

The next day, 3 Fireharvest 1763, the task force is visited by Marchi
Elenek, the Krig and the forum delegate who is the most involved with
the task force. She is also unhappy about the explosion in the library,
and finds that the task force members, namely Oisin and Breagan I
believe, were not very trusting of her. She tells everybody that trust
has to go both directions. She trusted you by not having you all thrown
in the holding cells and wants you to trust her back.

After the Krig leaves, Breagan goes in search of physically red tape and
returns with a roll of green, orange and pink tape. When Zorro goes to
pick up his requested records (delegates) from the now damaged library,
he gets into a discussion about the history of Ændor with Oisin. Zorro
was taught that Andorr was a minor power represented by the Empire of
Xylte, but when they tried to leave the Koncord of Kieros, the Empire
invaded them. Eichen troops were also part of the conflict and were
recorded stopping forces from the Empire from committing flagrant
atrocities.

Oisin goes to check up on Eaton, and tries to repair the degrading
relationship between him and the task force. They are able to come to an
agreement that they are both trying to protect the Koncord and prevent
more people from being hurt. He also promises to send a list of
everybody who was at the Founder's Gala.

Meanwhile, Redfern and Zorro visit Silvius Albina, one of the delegates
from the Empire of Xylte. They find him to be very old and senile,
telling them that it was probably the Andorrans who tried to assassinate
their emperor last week who were behind the attack on the Forum.
Frustrated with Silvius, they enter unannounced to the office of Janus
Brutus, the other delegate from the Empire. She is much more composed
than Silvius, basically telling them that they are just waiting for him
to die. She explains that the Empire didn't assign anybody to the task
force since they don't really care and do not think that a group from as
many different cultures as the task force could possibly solve the
mystery anyways.

The task force realize that Jusa has not been seen all day and both the
attendant in the Tower of the Principality of Vi and Vessimur suggest
the church as likely places for a cleric to be. The whole task force
decides to go see if Jusa is there.
