+++
title = "Great Basin Session (2022-02-20)"
author = ["Matt Schwennesen"]
date = 2022-02-20
draft = false
type = "gb-log"
+++

During our last venture to the Great Basin...

The task force entered the Temple of Kroina and quickly noticed that
everybody was sleep. They found some moderate strength magical auras in
the temple and were just starting to question Diana when Alisha emerged
from one of the storage rooms. She explains that Diana is blind and
hopes that she wasn't causing any problems. The task force is very
suspicions about the two women and Alisha explains that she runs an
apothecary called "Alisha's Herbal Remedies and Tattoo Parlor" and that
she is hear to restock something called Trance Wine which is used by
worshipers of Kroina to place themselves in a deep meditative state.

Just when the party is relaxing a bit, a loud scraping noise of stone on
stone is heard from the room Alisha was in. Wil goes to check it out and
sees three figures, with heavily hunched backs and elongated snouts with
pronounced tusks. They had primitive, claw like hands and backward legs
and hooves, but they are not immediately hostile. Calling out to the
other members of the task force, Wil relayed what he saw and suspicions
about Alisha were immediately raised once more. Oisin presses Alisha for
an explanation and find that she is not able to get a satisfactory
answer and is also not telling the whole truth. Alisha tries to take
Diana and leave the temple but is blocked by Blue Eyes and an unseen
servant summoned by Oisin.

Upon Wil stepping in to the storage room, one of the bestial humanoids
destroys a shelf by ripping the leg off of it and banishing it like a
club towards WIl. Wil, Redfern, Dr.Â Luna and Zorro move to engage these
creatures, while Breagan, Oisin and Blue Eyes continue to prevent Alisha
and Diana from leaving, which them seem eager to do. Breagan is able to
detect that Alisha is evil and moves to engage her, landing some solid
blows on Alisha. Alisha appears to be a competent combatant who is able
to evade several blows before striking Blue Eyes with a poisoned dagger.
Finally, she drinks from a vial and both herself and Diana dissolve into
a purple cloud and move out and under the crack of the door.

The fight in the storage room continues.
