+++
title = "Great Basin Session (2022-04-03)"
author = ["Matt Schwennesen"]
date = 2022-04-03
draft = false
type = "gb-log"
+++

Went we last ventured to the Great Basin, the date was 6
Fireharvest 1763.

The week was moving slowly, with few events of note. On the 7th, the
task force was delivered a message from Vessimur Yutros, a delegate from
the Principality of Vi. He told you that all the members of the task
force were expected to appear before the assembled Forum in two days
time on the 9th. When the task force entered the forum chambers, the
delegates were loudly arguing over the protests at the docks two times
before and weather the docks should be opened again. Bur Harcosa called
the forum to order with a supernaturally loud bang from his gavel and
asked the task force to make a report. Oisin stepped up to the plate,
and told them that the green substance is the explosive used during the
bombing and that it reacts to electricity but is otherwise stable. He
also stated that there was no lead on the left glove of bony power and
did not mention anything about the coin. The Forum seemed a bit
disappointed about the apparent lack of progress, non more-so then Janus
Brutus from the Empire of Xylte, who made some "I told you so" comments
about the task force being able to look into this matter. The Forum told
you to keep investigating.

They did want to here your opinion about weather or not to open the
docks, since the main reason for keeping them closed was to aid the
investigation. During an internal discussion, you all quickly agreed
that the docks should be opened, but were not able to agree on what
level of activity or regulation should be required. The side championed
by Breagan wanted active searches of every vessel coming or going from
the city whereas the opposition lead by Redfern advocated a complete
reopening. Ultimately, you decided to make a formal recommendation to
open the docks but left the details to the Forum delegates. They
eventually decided to open the docks completely since that would mean
that they wouldn't need to provide other aid to the dock workers. In a
heated moment, Barno Henchor threw a knife at Leopold Kadlec, who
surprisingly caught the knife midair and launched it back at Barno.

Eaton and the other head of the Bastion of the Sky, a quiet man in shiny
silver full plate armor, then have a report about the investigation
following the protests at the docks. Eaton reported that 82 individuals
were arrested and they are actively cross-referencing and compiling
statements from all of them, but an estimated 150 additional people were
at the riot. The organizing group was determined to be a new group
calling itself the Kerkard Union of Dock Workers, lead by one Tycho
Magnentius from the Empire of Xylte. It seems that they were demanding
the immediate opening of the docks and several other, but sometimes
conflicting demands about the working conditions in the docks.

That night, Breagan's father paid her a visit to tell her that a family
friend, Aleksandra Corrmwell, the Decider of Siedem in the Kingdom of
Galimatias was killed while hunting bison on the 8 Fireharvest. The
funeral service was on the 15th.

The week of the 12th was otherwise devoid of leads and the task force
had little work to do, but late into the night on the 19th of
Fireharvest, both Wil and Redfern were awoken with a start. Blue Eyes
reported hearing something akin to thunder, and they all decided to take
a walk, meeting up outside and travelling west to the edge of the city.
Looking down, you saw a bright flame, tinged with green below. While it
was difficult to localize the origin of the fire, it was determined
using the current location of Kerkrad and the fact that the fire was on
the shore of Kratermeer that it was on the outskirts of Taerwyn, the
capital of Trobreryn.

Rushing to wake up the rest of the task force and the delegates from
Trobreryn, Videla Parre and Peric Abell, the task force used the
teleportation network to go to Taerwyn. Navigating the city, Wil lead
them to a small warehouse which had evidently exploded to assist the
fire brigades trying to contain the white-hot blaze. When most of the
group came under the affects of a hallucinogen from the fumes, the four
sober members, Oisin, Breagan, Wil and Blue Eyes deduced that this was a
drug warehouse and started pulling people from the fire, all of them
members of the Trobreryn guard. Shortly thereafter, Nessa Preston the
captain of the Trobreryn guard arrived on scene with several cyromages
as Breagan was searching the debris for the explosive used in the
Bombing of the Forum. With a natural 20 on a perception check, she found
in the blasted remains of a metal barrel two vials of the substance in
question. Nessa explained to the task force that her forces were
conducting a drug raid with 24 soldiers. in the Bombing of the Forum.
With a natural 20 on a perception check, she found in the blasted
remains of a metal barrel two vials of the substance in question. Nessa
explained to the task force that her forces were conducting a drug raid
with 24 soldiers.
