+++
title = "Great Basin Session (2022-04-10)"
author = ["Matt Schwennesen"]
date = 2022-04-10
draft = false
type = "gb-log"
+++

When we last ventured to the Great Basin, the data was 20
Fireharvest 1763.

The members of the task force were investigating the destruction of a
warehouse on the docks of Taerwyn. Talking to Nessa Preston, captain of
the Trobreryn guard, she told you that the guard was investigating the
Keburipemi Syndicate and the tip had been given by an undercover guard
named Arwyn Treharne, who is now missing. She seemed concerned that the
task force's plan involved them buying drugs, but did let them leave.

Speaking of the task force's plan to track down the people who filled
the warehouse with drugs, Oisin was convinced that in order for the
humans of the party to play the role of a drug addict in need of another
fix, they would need to become addicted to the ever growing collection
of drugs that the task force was acquired. Eventually, the rest of the
task force talked Oisin down, I think. He visited a magic item stock
which had better inventory then most of the shops on Kerkrad, at least
the ones that Oisin frequents. Maelor, the proprietor of the Arcane
Gateway, seemed very friendly and the connection paid off later when
Oisin took Wil there to pay a hat of disguise since he cannot be stopped
by certain political enemies of his father Faolan Ragnory. Sadly the
Grey Gambler's Hat was just too expensive.

Waiting until it is dark, Wil took you to an underground fight ring
called the Hidden Fist. Everybody paid the 1 gp entry fee except Oisin
and Jusa Lok. Wil lead them to a man named Dewey Parcell who would have
the goods. He sold Redfern a bottle of
[Dwarven
Fire Ale](https://aonprd.com/Drugs.aspx?ItemName=Dwarven%20Fire%20Ale) for 50 gp which he did not drink. Oisin's moth traced him to
what seemed to be an abandoned building directly behind the burned husk
of the warehouse. Entering through the melted second story windows, and
continuing one of my personally favorite things to do in these game;
finding alternative ways in to structures, the task force found an
deserted second floor with beat up furniture and debris around. Moving
down stairs, you quickly realized that there was a lot of unaccounted
for space since the staircase dead ended at the door leading to outside.
Oisin found a sliding panel which revealed an unfinished first story
with a loose gravel or dirt floor. Walking around to the other side of
the room, you found some stairs leading down.

Following them, you traced them to a small room with two chairs at a low
table and their was an offshoot leading to what you believe is the
warehouse, however that end of the tunnel has collapsed. Continuing
inward, you found a small store room where Zorro opened one of the
creates to find a bong. After investigating a small closet, your
attention was turned to another door which you could occasionally hear
guards on the other side of. Moving quickly, you headed down a corridor
to your left and into a cramped bathroom, well a cramped pit toilet.
Hi-jinx ensued when a pair of guards which Wil needed to see to use his
hat of disguise to imitative spotted him through the cracked door. Oisin
used mage hand to sling some shit around and pretend to be very ill and
the guards left. Wil disguised himself as one of the guards and did a
lap of the base. He reported that there was a main room which seemed to
be a barrack, three other unexplored door and a pair of double doors
craved with a Niven character.

Sneaking in the other direction, the task force entered the armory which
had two people in it cleaning weapons. The two groups exchanged awkward
glances when unexpectedly another figure appeared in between the two.
They spoke in a low tone speaking Niven to the other two, who quickly
left through a hidden exit in the bad of one of the lockers.
