+++
title = "Great Basin Session (2022-03-27)"
author = ["Matt Schwennesen"]
date = 2022-03-27
draft = false
type = "gb-log"
+++

When we last ventured to the Great Basin...

The date was 5 Fireharvest 1763 and the task force was gearing up to
execute the warrant they have against Alisha's Herbal Remedies and
Tattoo Parlor. Initially their was some doubts on the behalf of Oisin on
weather the task force should even be involved with this operation, but
Eaton seemed to want you there. Alisha and the staff are not happy to be
raiding, at least that is how they view it. Searching the store, and in
particular the safe which Germaine Shamra opens for the group, you find
a total of eight vials, only two of which are identified as scorpion
venom and a drug called
[Serpent's
Kiss](https://aonprd.com/Drugs.aspx?ItemName=Serpent%27s%20Kiss), which is a favorite among the politicians since it increases
confidence. The search also revealed a few other substances like soul
stimulant and Ambrosia which are drugs that are generally only available
in professional healing wards staffed by clerics. While talking to Kjell
Blogmer, you learn something very interesting to Redfern: Kjell is
originally from Roksduens and his parents somehow left when he was a
baby after his older brother was killed during a raid. However, he
doesn't know how they left. The other staff at the shop was Roxanne
Lloyd, a 19 year old tattoo artist who learned the trade from Alisha
starting at the young age of 14 apparently. She was the most combative
with the questioning. The full time apothecary who is considering moving
to the new term of pharmacist is Germaine Shamra, a vishkayna with green
eyes.

Zorro and Blue Eyes, who had been waiting outside during the bulk of the
operation where instructed by Oisin to try to search the apartment above
the store which is not included in the warrant. Zorro climbed the wall
to find a locked window looking into a small bathroom. Unable to open
the window, he was assisted by Oisin's familiar casting knock. Looking
around, the invisible Zorro was not able to find anything unusual in the
apartment (but also didn't check "the places people hide drugs"), before
he was heard downstairs by Eaton, several other members of the task
force and it would seem Alisha who made several comments about Eaton's
people not being allowed in the apartment. Eaton bashed open the door
with his scizore after Alisha refused to open the door, but fortunately
Zorro had made his escape by then. Eaton did a precursory glance and
didn't see anybody in the apartment, so he left quickly.

During the final round of questioning, Eaton told you that something was
happening about five blocks clockwise that he was needed at and the task
force decided to accompany him to see what was happening.

Eaton and the rest of the task force show up just before the pinnacle of
the protest. Oisin casts fly on himself and goes to get ramen. Rokkaku
and the staff are very nervous about this, so or Oisin thinks (in
reality they were ready for a fight) when the rocks start flying and the
Bastion of the Sky sweeps in to arrest as many people as possible. Their
forces are directed by somebody that the task force as not meant before
wearing very shiny full plate armor. Wil helps defend the ramen shop, so
Rokkaku tells him that he can eat for free from on now.
