+++
title = "Great Basin Session (2022-01-30)"
author = ["Matt Schwennesen"]
date = 2022-01-30
draft = false
type = "gb-log"
+++

When we last ventured to the Great Basin, the members of the task force
were trying to get their grips on the clues left at the scene of the
explosion. During a trip to the library to get the materials needed for
a conspiracy board, Oisin and Will encountered Julius Peperthorn,
Oisin's Antiquarian. He seemed to think that Oisin was lucky for not
getting expelled from the library and did drop some information about
the missing Sword of Divinity, which apparently has connections to holy
fire and that several people have tried to steal it in the past but
where disintegrated in a burst of holy flames.

Base at home base, the task force started to piece together what they
knew and what questions they needed answered. They discussed - A
possible connection between the Glove of Bony Power and the ability to
pull the sword from the rock. - The use of the explosion as an entry or
exit point - People that needed to be investigated, including - The
formal attendees from the Founder's Gala. - The on-duty security
guards. - The catering and service people, such as the crew from the
Blue Crow.

The next day, 2 Fireharvest 1763, Breagan wakes early to try and find
anything that the original investigative party missed at the scene of
the crime. Arriving just before the construction crew started work,
Breagan was not able to find any undiscovered tracks or clues.
Meanwhile, Oisin used the spell Alter Self to assume the form of
whomever left blood on the Gold Coin of the Crown that was found at the
explosion site. The change was subtle, he grew a bit taller and older
with longer hair but generally did not change in any measurable way.
Oisin recognized this form is Ydin, the King of Ændor when it came under
the control of the Empire of Xylte. He told the party that Ydin was
killed on the floor of the Forum chamber on 10 Darknight 1623. Soon
after, Dr. Luna left for the library to investigate the green paste. She
talked with a 2 key curator named Bazyli Marchewka who seemed
knowledgeable about explosives but a bit scatterbrained as she would
frequently leave Dr. Luna to go fetch something from elsewhere in the
library. During the day Zorro stopped by the library and requested that
they prepare records from the last 200 years of Forum Delegates for his
review which they stated would be ready the next day, (3 Fireharvest
1763). The rest of the party split into teams of two to inquire into the
governments which did not assign members to the task force. - Redfern
and Will schedule an appointment with Silvius Albina of the Empire of
Xylte for the next day at 3:30p for 30 minutes. - Breagan and Oisin talk
to Ikoma from the Niven Imperium and she tells them that the Imperium is
launching its own investigation since it has people with "specific
talents" that are not represented in the current task force and that
they believe that the investigation will proceed smoother without the
red tape associated with the Forum. - Will and Zorro talked with Lord
Cantort of the Atreides Duchy who tells them that the Atreides have a
strong reputation of neutrality and that he suspects that whatever the
task force find will be very controversial and require delicate handling
so in order to better position the Duchy politically they cannot be
involved in how those reports are generated. - Oisin and Breagan
attempted to visit the delegates from the Principality of Vi but found
themselves in the tower of the Commune of Atrxous instead. They briefly
talked to the delegate there and Leopold, a Tangus, offered them some
sandwiches he had made earlier and encouraged them to stop by anytime. -
Correctly locating the tower of the Principality, Oisin and Breagan
where then able to score a conference with both of the delegates, Bur
Harcosa and Vessimur Yutros. The delegates seemed perhaps like there
were in some form of disagreement and were not overly concerned with the
members of the task force, but they did introduce the assigned member to
the task force from the Principality, Jusa Lok.

Jusa is a human woman and member of the Church of Kroina, Lady
Foresight. During the meeting she seemed nervous and stressed, leading
to an awkward exchange with Oisin about killing each other. Later,
during the talk back she mentioned having a vision of her own death.
