+++
title = "Time to Rig the Vote!"
author = ["Matt Schwennesen"]
date = 2023-06-28
draft = false
type = "gb-log"
+++

When we last ventured to the Great Basin...

Redfern's mind was in a dream meeting with the being that erased
Vicious' memories, presumably to prevent him from disclosing information to the
Task Force. The being was wearing a black robe with blue runes embroidered on
it. After attempting to expel Redfern from the dreamscape, they had a
conversation about the ideals of the Koncord of Kieros. Why does it exist? Does
it fulfill those purposes? If it was working currently, would Redfern's parents
have needed to die in a raid? Unfortunately, the conversation proved to be mote
point since Redfern forgot everything that transpired just like trying to
remember a dream.

All that he was really able to report is that the Dream Candle works and that he
_did_ talk to somebody on the other side. That was the morning of Meru's Psychic
Surgery, so he had to head off to the Wounded Solider Initiative early that
morning, escorted by Wil and Oisin. The staff at the clinic asked they to remove
all of their magic items to prevent any possible side-effects from the new
spell. During the procedure, Meru saw their entire life with a detached sense of
clarity which culminated in the Forum courtyard a few nights ago. Dr. Drache was
able to restore the memory so that Meru remembered a figure with blonde, almost
yellow hair, in a long brown cloak.

Once returning to the Task Force working room, you started to plot your next
move and quickly realize that the upcoming Herske Election could foil your best
laid plans. The current frontrunner, Barno Henchor, has questioned your standing
as members of the Task Force investigating the missing Sword of Divinity and
even introduced a resolution to limit your access to Koncord resources. While
that vote failed, you thought it likely that if he were to be elected he would
further limit your operation or even potentially disband the Task Force and jail
you. You formulate a plan to get Marchi Elenek, the Krig of the Forum, into the
Herske seat. Ever aware of the potential political ramifications, you decide to
have Meru approach Ikoma Sakome, a Delegate from the Niven Imperium and known
personal friend of Marchi. While she actually agrees with most of their points
about the potential gains of backing Marchi and then bidding for the Krig
position, she doesn't see any way for that to happen due to her own political
standings and the fact that Marchi isn't interested in running and splitting the
ticket with Barno.

During this meeting, however, Ikoma suggested that even if a new Herske limited
the authority of the Task Force, it might be in the best interest of the Basin
as a whole to do <span class="underline">whatever</span> it takes to recover a symbol of international unity
and potential superweapon for an invasion from the Caerwent Empire. This idea
seemed to resonate with Oisin spend the rest of the day preparing to go rouge by
studying locations for teleporting around the Basin without needing the
teleporation circles operated by the Koncord. He also visited his contact at the
Docks to confirm that Andorr Again was not behind the death of Bur Harcosa so
the recent deaths in the Empire of Xylte.

After returning, Meru uses their star chart to divine some more information and
learns that the thief of the Sword is somewhere in Trobreryn.

We now resume on the morning of Whitermire 8th, the day of the Herske Election,
as you weight your options depending on the outcome of the election and how to
pursue the thief in Trobreryn.
