+++
title = "Great Basin Session (2022-04-17)"
author = ["Matt Schwennesen"]
date = 2022-04-17
draft = false
type = "gb-log"
+++

When we last ventured to the Great Basin...

It 20 Fireharvest 1763 and the members of the Task Force had infiltrated
a hideout of the Keburipemi Syndicate. Upon entering the armory, they
realized that they were not alone: two other members of the syndicate
were polishing weapons. The two groups exchanged a few awkward glances
when a figure that you were sure wasn't their before suddenly appeared.
The mysterious figure told the other syndicate members something in
Niven and they quickly left the room. While talking to the figure, you
learned many things. Her name is Niwa and she seems to be an assassin
for the syndicate. Within the city of Taerwyn, the leaders of syndicate
operations are a pair of former pirates called Vicious and Voracious,
who is Vicious's ankle-biter. Niwa is interested in making Vicious look
bad in front of the higher ups in the syndicate and wanted the help of
the task force in this endeavor since the local Trobreryn investigative
force is not moving fast enough for her. In exchange, she offers
information and reveals several things to prove her intent. Namely, the
green explosive used in the bombing of the Forum is called cylex and was
created in a military research lab in the Niven Imperium before the
Keburipemi Syndicate kidnapped the lead researchers and hijacked a load
of the explosive.

Vicious plans to evacuate all of the personal and equipment from the
city until the investigation blows over, taking a small boat down
Drainage Channel E. Talking to Nessa Preston and the rest of the
Trobreryn guard, you strike a deal: for the information about the
syndicate's plans and assistance in the operation to stop them, the
Trobreryn guard will give the task force half of the value on the boat
if it is captured.

On the night of the operation, the channel is dammed with several thick
logs, and the personnel stationed 150 feet before the dam. Quitely, the
keelboat rows into view, manned by eight rowers, captained by Vicious
and Voracious. When the task force engages them, more members of the
Keburpemi Syndicate who were travelling parallel to the boat strike from
the shadows. The winner of this battle remain to be seen.
