+++
title = "Great Basin Session (2023-03-19)"
author = ["Matt Schwennesen"]
date = 2023-03-19
draft = false
type = "gb-log"
+++

When we last ventured to the Great Basin...

The Task Force, while recovering from the party in Galimatias where Breagan
became part of the King's personal guard, received news that they were to appear
before The Forum to present an update on the investigation on the 28th of
Shimmerfall. While preparing for this meeting, on the 26th, Wil learned that
there had been an attack on the Ragnory Shipping Co headquarters which resulted
in the Death of Foalan Ragnory. While distraught by the news, Wil was able to
gather from Nessa Preston that the attack had one assailant with a glowing red
katana. While Wil, not the sharpest tool in the shed, made several guesses about
who the wearer of this blade is, he eventually agreed with Nessa that it was
most likely Vicious, an undine whom you had first encountered during the
Keburpemi Syndicate Evacuation of Taerwyn last month.

Upset, Wil headed over to Rokkaku's Ramen to see if Niwa had any information
about where to find Vicious given his past history with the syndicate. Ordering
the rattlesnake ramen as instructed, Will requested all information that the
syndicate had about Vicious' current whereabouts. The next day, as Oisin entered
his apartment for the night, he was greeted by a Niven man wearing a long
leather coat with a swooping haircut streaked with blue. Oisin, unsure what to
do Oisin pretended to be a neighbor in need of some sugar before dropping the
act to reveal that he was a tenant of the apartment. As it turns out, the man
was send by Niwa in response to Wil's research for information about Vicious.
When Wil got home a few minutes later, the man revealed that for a while, it
appeared that Vicious was going to be a major playing resisting Niwa's claim to
the leadership of the syndicate so he was heavily monitored and his associates
interrogated. They learned that Vicious operates from a base on an island in
Kratermeer. Supposedly, the island is always wreathed in fog and moves all over
the lake. However, the last associate captured by the syndicate had a compass
which leads to the island. He gave the compass to Will and tells him that the
syndicate would strongly support any course of action which removes Vicious as a
player in the criminal spheres.

The next day was the 28th, when the Forum meeting was taking place. Arriving
early in the morning, you were prepared for several hours of deflecting and
dodging to prevent knowledge about the source of Cylex, the potential location
of buyers of the explosive and the criminal connections which had been the basis
of much of your success so far. The opening volley was about the Caerwent
Empire, an external threat that you had encounter in Roksduens who claimed
that the Basin was soon to be conquered once more. It was a move which took the
Forum members by surprise, and there was both eager to learn more and
disappointed that the captured solider in the Roks's desert wasn't returned to
Kerkard for more questioning. Eventually, however, the Forum realized that there
was no more information to be had and returned to the actual matter at hand. You
told the Forum about some progress made in tracking the explosive used in the
thief, that it is called Cylex and that you had interrupted a potential Cylex
sale. Some members of the Forum, namely Barno Henchor wanted you to reveal who
was buying the explosive but you stood firm. The Forum also questioned trips to
the Niven Lantern Festival and Roksduens and how they were related to the
investigation. Barno Henchor even proposed that they limit the Task Force's
access to Koncord resources like the teleportation network. After a passionate
speech by Oisin, the vote was tallied. The resolution failed 8 - 12. However,
Bur Harcosa insisted on more regular meetings between you and the Forum,
specifically every two weeks. The next one will be 6 Withermire.

We now resume after the meeting as you prepare to leave Kerkard and hunt down
Vicious, a known member of LAKE and the person who killed Wil's father.
