+++
title = "Great Basin Session (2022-03-20)"
author = ["Matt Schwennesen"]
date = 2022-03-20
draft = false
type = "gb-log"
+++

When we last ventured to the Great Basin,

The illustrious members of the task force were engaged in a battle with
odd creatures with hunched backs, backwards hooved feet, elongated
snouts and protruding tusks in the storage room of the Temple of Kroina
in Kerkrad. After a feisty battle which saw several sun beetles' glowing
guts getting scattered over the room, the creatures were defeated and
upon death, they transformed into the corpses of regular boars.

Talking with Pastor Kendall of the Temple, you learned that this temple
has been buying Trance Wine from Alisha for four years since she is able
to get great deals for it and that occasionally she brings another to
help with the work, but it's not always one person like Diana. On the
way back from the temple, the party filled Jusa Lok in the details of
the investigation, that the blood on the coin found at the site of the
1763-03-34 Bombing of the Forum belonged to the last king of Andorr,
Ydin.

Convinced that Alisha may be connected to their investigation, or at the
very least a shady character, Oisin goes to talk to Eaton about the
steps needed to search her Herbal Remedies and Tattoo shop. Eaton said
that you had the authority to talk her, but a full search would require
a warrant signed by any member of the Forum. The task force then splits,
with a group consisting of Luna, Oisin, and Zorro visiting Rokkaku_s
Ramen for some good noodles. While there, Oisin, who is the only regular
customer from the group asks Rokkaku why the place feels dead. "6p on an
Izudaq? The place should be hoppin." Rokkaku told him that since the
docks are still closed after the bombing of the forum, the docker
workers aren't getting paid and can't affort to eat out. He also
expressed concern about being able to source indgredents from the Niven
Imperium if the docks stay closed for too much longer.

Meanwhile, a different group consisting of Breagan, Redfern, Blue Eyes,
Wil and Jusa Lok were dining in the Kingdom of Galimatias with Breagan's
parents on typical polish fare. Jacob Nowak, her father is a member of
the forum and her mother Ola is the event coordinator of the royal
castle of the Kingdom. Over dinner you talked to Jacob about signing a
warrant to search Alisha's Herbal Remedies and Tattoo Parlor and he
expressed some concern about this being outside the scope of the task
force since their was no concrete evidence connecting her to the thief
of the sword. Eventually, he agreed to sign the warrant on the condition
that Eaton accompany the task force. There was also a conversation
between Breagan and Jacob right as the task force was leaving where he
expressed concern over Breagan's well being and mentioned that the Krig
Marchi Elenek wanted to jail the members of the task force if they
didn't agree join.

Later then evening, Oisin's familiar returned from scouting Alisha's
shop. They reported that they did not see Alisha or Diana there, but
gave a description of three others working in the shop. - A human with a
green pixie hair cut and lots of tattoos. She also went out back into an
alley for a smoke break, and the back door seemed to be unlocked before
and after she was in the ally. - A dwarf who must be very young, since
he only has a few inches of beard. "That's really the only way I know to
estimate the age of a dwarf". - Another vishkayna, this one with green
eyes rather they the golden ones that Alisha has.
